= HackerNews

by Tim Morgan (http://timmorgan.org)

== About

This is a fairly simple Ruby class for accessing certain parts of Hacker News (http://news.ycombinator.com). I may add functionality with time.

== Features

* Handles Hacker News session cookie and login.
* Can retreive user page, along with karma and average karma values.
* Can vote on posts and comments.
* Can comment on posts and other comments.

== To Do

* Add ability to post news.

== Source Code

http://github.com/seven1m/hackernews

== Installation

    gem install hackernews
    
== Usage

    require 'hackernews'
    
    hn = HackerNews.new(USERNAME, PASSWORD)
    hn.karma # => '62'
    hn.average_karma # => '1.87'
    hn.vote(123)
    hn.comment(123, 'my comment')
    
== Feedback

I’d love to hear from you if you have suggestions for improvement, bug fixes, or whatever. Email me at tim@timmorgan.org or fork the project and send a pull request.

To run the tests:

    HN_USERNAME=yourusername \
    HN_PASSWORD=yourpassword \
    ruby test/hackernews_test.rb

== License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Tim Morgan

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
